I didn't start a revolution I just made
us docile enough for their slaughtering
and I can stand here and blame evil Corp
and every other conglomerate out there
for taking advantage of us
blame the FBI and I say CIA for letting
them get away with this blame all the
world's leaders for aiding and abetting
them blame Adam Smith for inventing
modern-day capitalism in the first
[ __ ] place bring money for dividing
us blame us for letting it but none of
that's true the truth is
I'm the one to blame hello friends Greg
here mr. robot season 3 is finally upon
us and I'm here to break down the season
premiere for you but first make sure to
subscribe to GameSpot universe so you
don't miss out on any of our other
awesome TV breakdowns movie reviews and
more now let's break down season 3
episode 1 power saver first up a quick
recap Elliott is still kicking from that
gunshot wound from last year's finale
the dark armies phase to attack is still
in the works and we are introduced to
the dark armies very own Michael Clayton
type fixer-upper Irving we lose our
principles we invite chaos Elliott goes
to an underground hacker tournament to
try to stop phase 2 there leans back
trying to get information out of Elliott
gee I wonder why I know a lot more than
you think Elliot mr. robot returns and
Angela plans to manipulate Elliot in the
same fashion mr. robot does in order to
bring down
Ecore he started this didn't he I'm just
helping him finish it
ok let's dig a little deeper and let's
talk about the most important
connections that I found in this episode
last season Tyrell shot Elliott after he
swore to uphold the dark armies plan aka
phase 2 / Elliott's alter-ego mr. robot
which was to bomb the Ecore building
storing all of its files Elliott is
taken away for treatment by season 3
newcomer Irving played by Bobby
Cannavale II was not his stomach like
that that's that's not helping things
you might want to stop that and dropped
off with Angela to recuperate they
called me they told me that you were
hurt I absolutely loved the premiere
many of us will agree that season two
suffer from a sophomore slump and this
season felt like a great mix of what the
first season built on with a noir vibe
at it in every character had their
motivations drawn out very clearly and
for Elliott his deconstruction Elliott
is trying to fix the mess he started but
it clearly seems to be too little too
late the wheels are moving along and
everyone that Elliott seems to trust is
only giving him shades of the truth
while keeping him in the dark
so mr. robot can finish his ultimate
goal now this season already he seems to
think that he stopped phase two we
already know that's not the case at all
speaking of stage two White Rose returns
with her
sistent and they discuss plans for
Elliott presumably below ground in a
power plant or particle collider and
we'll get into that a little bit later
now the most important info we got that
exchange that whiterose still may be
working with Phillip price and it's
unclear if any of her various soldiers
know this and Elliott's a goner once
he's completed phase two and after mr.
Alderson completes the great work that
we need from him and he can dive with us
now let's talk about my favorite thing
of the season so far and that is without
a doubt curving I got my punches didn't
you just say I could have a free
milkshake yes and you can redeem it on
your next visit what's the difference
I'm here now he's the perfect dose of
comic relief that the show needs but
he's no Poochie the dog kids always beat
cycle
that's junk
show creator Sam ESMA spoke to Deadline
earlier this week about Erving and he
said in terms of his character we knew
that the dark army needed to bring in
someone to manage Tyrell and Elliot
giving their rocky relationship given
where we left off in season two we
wanted a fixer and will deep dive more
into Irving's story later this season
now you'll notice that the majority of
Irving scenes take place at the red
wheelbarrow restaurant a motif from the
second season shows up again but this
time it takes the form of a barbecue
restaurant oh yes a poem gone corporate
this goes along nicely with a corpse
telling Neff society merch and Elliot's
monologue now let's get back to Irving
in the wheelbarrow
a couple months back the Twitter account
for mr. robot tweeted this photo of new
cast member Bobby Cannavale II now ready
pointed out that there was readable
Morse code on his tie translated the
code provided a bitly link that led to a
promotional website for the red
wheelbarrow that you can visit right now
have you been there leans back and it
looks like she's in really bad shape now
we already know that she's been through
quite a few traumatic events last season
so this season seems to show her
completely coming undone the FBI has
already gotten to Darlene last season so
the scenes with her and Elliott seem to
play off the idea that she's bugged or
at least trying to pull information out
of her brother now the bar that the CTF
tournament that Elliot and Darlene go to
was called 1984 and has a big brother
eye on the flag in front now this or
well plug is a reference to many things
in the show but this could definitely
allude to a wire on Darlene moving on
let's talk about Angela and mr. robot
Angela is all in white roses plan to
undo everything
Ecore has ever done and create a new
world in essence angela has become a new
version of Elliot she was slowly
radicalized by her useless attempts to
take down a Corp through in her eyes
legit means white rose got to her before
the FBI did but Elliot knows something
that Angela doesn't yet the dark army
doesn't offer any true relief for her
pain they aren't going to fix their
troubles and they're not very different
from Ecore same just different smell but
as Elliot says she doesn't love the
people who love her she loves the ones
that don't
her powers safe remote so in the end
Angela and whiterose may be a match made
in heaven we got some pretty cool
insight into Elliot's split personality
when mr. robot asked Angela how do you
know you're talking to me right now
Angela responds your eyes you know
they're trying to look away I'm really
loving the new dynamic between Elliot
and mr. robot and the people around him
so far mr. robot seems to be an
independent character free to make
actions that impact the story and
interact with other characters this just
means we get a lot more Christian Slater
and I am 100% on board with that in the
premiere alone we got to witness mr.
robot talk to characters who know he's
not Elliot I've been waiting for scenes
like this since season one okay so here
are a few of my favorite moments from
the episode Elliot and Angela's Josh
grobin t-shirt was pretty funny but I
really dug the moment he donned his
black hoodie like he was some kind of
superhero
[Music]
Irving's shaking the fbi's tail was
pretty awesome I can't stress enough how
great Bobby Cannavale E is now the
camerawork for this show has always been
phenomenal the cinematography is a work
of art reddit users spotted a neat
lighting set up in the scene with Angela
and mr. robot you may not have noticed
mr. robot is the damn devil
now for the music in this episode the
song over the opening credits is
whistling away the dark by Henry Mancini
in his orchestra and the song at the end
is touched by Daft Punk featuring Paul
Williams on vocals and now for some
final questions first what's going on
with this parallel universe line if I
close my eyes I can imagine that
everything we experience everything we
see think and do it's unfolding
simultaneously in a parallel universe
no don't sleep on that line there's
something definitely otherworldly
spiritual going on this season and let's
not forget about Angela saving this what
if I told you we could make it like none
of this ever happened
now before I and many other fans could
start their time-travel theory Sam ESMA
already debunked it so don't count on
that large collider that we saw in the
opening of the episode to run a time
machine but there's still something
weird going on here could it be a
simulation of some kind or are we stuck
in some kind of matrix like world we
don't know just yet and that's it for me
over here everybody let me know what you
thought the episode in the comments
section down below and make sure to hit
that subscribe button and give us a like
so we can continue to do more mr. robot
videos in the future alright guys I'll
see you later bye-bye